added thanks to all the contributors in readme.md (#72)
EddieHubCommunity/EventCalendar: README.md

5. Run `npm run generate` to generate the calendar list data (do not change this file, it will be ignored by git)
6. Run `npm start` to start the server
7. Visit http://localhost:3000

## 💪 Thanks to the all Contributors

> Thanks a lot for spending your time in helping LinkFree grow. Thanks a lot! Keep rocking 🍻

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks a lot for spending your time helping EventCalender grow. Thanks a lot! Keep rocking 🍻
```

[contributors](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/EventCalendar/graphs/contributors)

## 🙏 Support

> This project needs a ⭐️ from you. Don't forget to leave a star ⭐️

Reviewer: Not sure if we need this line 🤔

## 🛡️ License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file for details.

## 💪 Thanks to the all Contributors

> Thanks a lot for spending your time helping EventCalendar grow. Thanks a lot! Keep rocking 🍻

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks a lot for spending your time helping EventCalendar grow. Thanks a lot! Keep rocking 🍻

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=EddieHubCommunity/EventCalendar)](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/graphs/contributors)
```

## 🛡️ License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file for details.

## 💪 Thanks to the all Contributors

> Thanks a lot for spending your time helping EventCalender grow. Thanks a lot! Keep rocking 🍻

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks a lot for spending your time helping EventCalendar grow. Thanks a lot! Keep rocking 🍻

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree)](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/graphs/contributors)
```

> [contributors](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/EventCalendar/graphs/contributors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
